>> Steve Kinney: I'm willing to live
code for hours in front of all y'all.
I'm not willing to live
Google image search.
So that's a thing.
So what we'll do is we're gonna take,
>> Steve Kinney: We're gonna get real
meta here.
We're gonna take a screenshot of the app.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
we'll choose a file.
Moment of truth here.
>> Steve Kinney: And we can change.
We uploaded a file to a bucket.
We replaced the photo URL in
the Firestore document, right?
So two things happened there,
uploaded a file, saved it in a bucket,
replaced the photo URL in the user
profile, which is now editable.
So now we have this ability to kind
of bring together multiple services,
which is really awesome.